update: rewriting Use overloads section for introducedat annotaiton (#48)
Kotlin/api-guidelines: docs/topics/api-guidelines-backward-compatibility.md

Source compatibility, however, is preserved. If you recompile both files, the program will run as before.

### Use overloads to preserve binary compatibility {initial-collapse-state="collapsed" collapsible="true"}

When adding optional parameters to published APIs, you can use the [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained)
[`@IntroducedAt`](java-to-kotlin-interop.md#overloads-generation) annotation to preserve binary compatibility.

> Add the annotation to each new optional parameter with the version in which it was introduced, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the annotation to each new optional parameter with the version in which it was introduced. For example:
```

```kotlin
@OptIn(ExperimentalVersionOverloading::class)
fun fib(@IntroducedAt("1.1") input: Int = 0) = …
```

The compiler uses this information to generate the corresponding hidden overloads.

When writing Kotlin code for the JVM, you can also use the
[`@JvmOverloads`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.jvm/-jvm-overloads/) annotation on functions with default
arguments to generate overloads.

> The `@JvmOverloads` annotation doesn't preserve binary compatibility for Kotlin callers.
> Instead, use the `@IntroducedAt` annotation or add manual overloads when changing published APIs.
>
{style="warning"}

You can also create overloads manually instead of using a single function with default arguments.

> For example, if you want `fib()` to take an `Int` parameter, create a separate overload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want the `fib()` function to accept an `Int` parameter, create a separate overload:
```
